Who's Hiring? - March 2023
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/11fijrn/whos_hiring_march_2023/
Go SMB Server?
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/129hizd/go_smb_server/
Manipulating internet and wireless connections with different protocols
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/129csya/manipulating_internet_and_wireless_connections/
The Smallest Go Binary (5KB)
https://totallygamerjet.hashnode.dev/the-smallest-go-binary-5kb
Handler vs Controller
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/1294p5g/handler_vs_controller/
In-memory key value store
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/129n6oh/inmemory_key_value_store/
Web scraping with Go
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/129n1g4/web_scraping_with_go/
Looking for suggestions on the code architectures and patterns
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/1298ibg/looking_for_suggestions_on_the_code_architectures/
New language suggestion to old time Gopher
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/128ymjz/new_language_suggestion_to_old_time_gopher/
How and where to start building web api backend?
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/128vfrn/how_and_where_to_start_building_web_api_backend/
vanceai-go - golang SDK for VanceAI image processing API
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/129gc52/vanceaigo_golang_sdk_for_vanceai_image_processing/
GoLang Goes Retro: Compiler Now Supports Morse Code | TechCrunch
https://tsrn.ch/tAa6Gfj
GitHub - agis/spawn: Spawn your Go binary from its TestMain, for end-to-end tests
https://github.com/agis/spawn
Why is it invalid to take the address of a string's byte?
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/128j3vk/why_is_it_invalid_to_take_the_address_of_a/
Help structure project
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/128udx0/help_structure_project/
LYRA
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/129192y/lyra/
getting your repo's date and commit hash to use as version
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/128xdr8/getting_your_repos_date_and_commit_hash_to_use_as/
Am I being pedantic about these things?
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/1286wki/am_i_being_pedantic_about_these_things/
Code review first go project
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/128k7ov/code_review_first_go_project/
Remote origin already exists error on go build
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/12915f7/remote_origin_already_exists_error_on_go_build/
How to embed an interface into a struct?
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/128z7lx/how_to_embed_an_interface_into_a_struct/
Looking for a gRPC tutorial
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/128r68b/looking_for_a_grpc_tutorial/
Preventing breaking changes to your database with Atlas
https://atlasgo.io/blog/2023/03/31/preventing-breaking-changes
Can you review my project ?
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/128p25n/can_you_review_my_project/
Gocrest v1.1.0 released
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/128n246/gocrest_v110_released/
I made a SQL to array/map/struct and CRUD ORM library
https://github.com/elgs/gosqlcrud
